Weblog - Iterative development documenting progress

0623 presentation 
Theme Philosophy meaning: Exploring the traces left by people has always been the main theme of my artistic creation. I am attracted by the physical and spiritual traces of human existence, which are often very private, unique, and emotional. The starting point of the work is my collection addiction. I have been used to keeping traces of the physical aspects of life since I was very young. I will collect shopping tickets, bar coasters, cinema tickets, theater tickets, concert wristbands, restaurant tickets, exhibition tickets, train tickets, air tickets, tickets for activities, notes written by friends, intimate partner's personal belongings, etc. I keep, collect, sort out and sometimes look through the media of paper evidence in my life. 

0701 presentation
The process of looking through these collected objects seems to be infinitely close to the memory point of the moment when the event occurred. Touch, look, and feel the collection of objects. It is not only the story that you repeatedly feel countless times. The impact of emotion is layer by layer, complex, iterative, updated, and alternating. The work attempts to explore where the traces are left through the act of disassembling the private objects collected and retained. What is precious to fetishism? What do I look like in my memory? The work is a change of personal behavior based on nihilism to conduct a self-analysis. What will be left behind? What will be remembered? What is meaningful? What is precious?

1027 presentation 
Burning - Smoke - Breath - See It is worth thinking about what do u want burning to look like 

How do u want to set that up - aesthetically - find a fireplace - what do u want people to take away from it - do a small symbolic burning off one receipt - already burned everything else prior to the video            
                                                 - documentation - components - what components that most important to me - nubs - dust - falling - signify - size - What is the dust falling signify - what do I want people to think or take away when they see the dust fall at the very bottom - make it obvious to the audience - how can I make the center of what people are seeing - more seeable for people - how important is that the thing falling for sb to see it - are on the artistic merit is more seeable
                                                 - display - have all the desks up top and then slowly drop using motors into a beautifully clear, and then people can see it happening in, like over time, and maybe it's medicated. - it drops every hour. It is high - It’s like on a table a device that makes it feel special - be a way to get people to see that dropping
                                                - exhibition research - Tate British - ceramics - how curator place them somewhere - build a structure - top - plastic holding dust - affix on the wall below a floating shelf - the bow catching the dust - every hour meditative - (hear)dust fall, (hear)motor go, (see)dust fall - interaction should be one of the things that are like most in front of the audience - make shape out of the dust - dispose of the dust
